I am in Morocco!
Well, not really. I'm actually in Disney's version of Morocco, in EPCOT -
- the reason why this specific alley has an emergency exit.
And here's something you might not know, and it has to do with ...
ice.
Look, I'm in America. And in America, this ice must contain milk.
Real milk. To be precise, a certain percentage of milk fat.
But if I was in Great Britain, it is not always the case
Look, British ice cream, unless it has the sense "dairy" on it,
it can also be made of something called "Bleached deodorized, hydrogenated vegetable oil".
Which means the stuff you get from ice cream trucks
and the cheap stuff that you get in the supermarkets
should not contain milk.
This, on the other hand, is American ice cream,
which means that I can be sure - or at least reasonably certain -
that it is made with milk.
And that is something that you may not have known yet.
This translation has been realized with the help of Thomas Duursma.